[Autogenerated] All right, let's go and get started in this clip,
we're gonna look at utilising intelligent tearing
for storage class within s three.
So intelligent hearing is going to allow us to utilize s
three machine learning to automate the movement between
storage classes for certain objects.
So let me go and show you how you would go ahead and configure this.
I'm gonna upload a new object here,
So let me add a file and you can see I'm uploading a PNG
So a picture Let me click on next year.
I'm gonna go through next again,
and then we come to our storage class screen again and you can see
underneath standard we have intelligent tearing.
So this is for our long live data that's going to be changing
constantly as faras access patterns go.
Or maybe we just don't know what kind of access is going to be needed.
So we're gonna leverage S three to do some learning and
some intelligent shifting on our behalf.
And you can see there's a per object fee that goes along with this
and this is documented in the AWS White Papers.
So what we do now is to select next here,
and then I'm gonna click on upload, and there we go.
We now have our new object set toe intelligent hearing.
So now what this is going to do is it's going to allow as three to determine
what kind of storage this should be in on the back end.
So if it's constantly accessed,
it's probably going to stay in a storage class of standard.
But if it's hardly ever access, they might shift it too infrequently,
accessed to save on money.
So it's a smart tool to use If you're unsure about how
common certain objects are going to be now that does it for
this clip on intelligent hearing.
It's really just that simple.
So we're gonna wrap it up and then I'll see you in the next clip, where we're going to do a quick summary